Scene 1:
I hope I'm able to stand
out in this interview. What if I say the wrong thing? Wow, they both look
really professional. Am I dressed correctly? [MUSIC PLAYING] If a job you've applied to
has a lot of other applicants,

Scene 2:
chances are you might find
yourself starting the interview process in a group setting. But don't be alarmed. Group interviews are a
great way for employers to get an initial read on
you and your work ethic. And above all, they want
to see how you communicate and how you work with a team. While they might seem
daunting at first, they don't have to be, if you
go in with the right mindset. Today, we're going to highlight
some best practices for a group interview. With them in mind, securing
a one-on-one interview after the group interview
should be no problem. [MUSIC PLAYING]

Scene 3:
Good morning, everyone. I'm Anne. Good morning. Good to meet you all. Michael. Nice to meet you. Chloe. Nice to meet you. Oh, Chloe, Michael. What's great here is
that all three candidates are early to the interview. That's a must. But notice how the
first two weren't speaking when Anne walked in. Avoid the urge to
check your phone

Scene 4:
or sit silently while waiting
for the interviewer to arrive. Like Anne did, start the
conversation right away and get to know the
other candidates. This will only help during
the actual interview.

Scene 5:
Speaking of, the
interviewer has now arrived. So let's get into it. Chloe, how would you
describe yourself? Let's see, I've worked
in customer service for the last six years, starting
in the restaurant industry and then eventually
making my way to retail. When asked during a group
interview about yourself,

Scene 6:
don't just recite what can
be found on your resume. Share a personal story,
something that the interviewer will remember. I am extremely passionate
about working with people. I was named employee
of the month two times in my current role because
of my problem-solving nature in those situations. And I'm excited to hopefully
do that soon here as well. That was a great finish.

Scene 7:
Don't be afraid to brag a
little during a group interview when asked about yourself. Be confident, and bring
up your accomplishments, especially if it pertains to
the job you're applying for. This will help differentiate
you from the other candidates. Let's continue. Michael, tell me about a time
you work through a challenging

Scene 8:
situation. I thrive in challenges. There was this one time
that the computers went down in the middle of
the holiday rush. And my coworkers
started to panic. So I told them I'll handle it. I briefly closed
the store until I was able to get the computers
back up and running.

Scene 9:
While Michael shows
initiative in his response,

Scene 10:
there's a glaring
problem with his answer. He only focuses on himself. Employers ask questions
about past challenges because they want to see
if you're a team player. You can show your
leadership capabilities, but also recognize it
takes more than just you to get a job done. Moving along. Anne, how will your strengths
benefit our company?

Scene 11:
Great question.

Scene 12:
Above all, I think my
team-focused mentality makes

Scene 13:
me a great fit for this role. Team dynamic is so-- Oh, wait, sorry, sorry. One final thing I wanted
to add to what I said before is that I feel very
comfortable leading a team. Stop right there.

Scene 14:
One of the biggest mistakes
you can make during a group interview is cutting
another candidate off or trying to speak over them. All group interviews can kick
up our competitive nature. Trying to make yourself
the loudest in the room will only raise red
flags with the employer. Wait until a candidate
is done speaking before asking the interviewer
if you can chime in. Let's go back to Anne and this
time without the interruption.

Scene 15:
Anne, how will your strengths
benefit our company? That's a great question. Above all, I think my
team-focused mentality makes

Scene 16:
me a great fit for this role. Team dynamic is so
important to me.

Scene 17:
And I know that when
we're in sync as a unit,

Scene 18:
we'll have the best
outcomes with our customers. I'm also very patient
in stressful situations.

Scene 19:
I love what Chloe said
earlier about working through issues with customers. Often, my coworkers
will come to me in those situations,
especially when they get a little bit
heated because I'm

Scene 20:
able to diffuse them and
come up with a solution. That was brilliant.

Scene 21:
There's so much to
like in this answer. Anne made teamwork one of her
core strengths, which will be a good sign to any employer. Not only that, but
she specifically referenced another candidate's
answer in her response and added to it. This shows that she is
listening to the room and also moving the
conversation forward. Well done. While a group interview might
be out of your comfort zone, there's no need to
fear heading into it. Be yourself. Speak confidently. Listen to what the other
candidates are saying. And don't speak over them. You'll be on your way
to that next round of a solo interview in no time. For more interview help, make
sure to like and subscribe.

Scene 22:
Oh, that's funny. I'm going to beep us in. Hello, Charlie. Money.

